# Page 1

{% hint style="warning" %}
The **max transaction fee** and **max query payment** are both set to 100\_000\_000 tinybar (1 HBAR). This amount can be modified by using \*\*`setDefaultMaxTransactionFee()`\*\*and **`setMaxQueryPayment()`**`.`
{% endhint %}

<table><thead><tr><th width="368.33333333333326">Method</th><th width="131">Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>Client.<network>.SetDefaultRegenerateTransactionId(<regenerateTransactionId>)</code></td><td>boolean</td><td>Whether or not to regenerate the transaction IDs</td></tr><tr><td><code>Client.<network>.getDefaultRegenerateTransactionId(<regenerateTransactionId>)</code></td><td>boolean</td><td>Get the default regenerate transaction ID boolean value</td></tr><tr><td><code>Client.<network>.setDefaultMaxTransactionFee(<fee>)</code></td><td>Hbar</td><td>The maximum transaction fee the client is willing to pay</td></tr><tr><td><code>Client.<network>.getDefaultMaxTransactionFee()</code></td><td>Hbar</td><td>Get the default max transaction fee that is set</td></tr><tr><td><code>Client<network>.setMaxQueryPayment(<maxQueryPayment>)</code></td><td>Hbar</td><td><p>The maximum query payment the client will pay.</p><p>Default: 1 hbar</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>Client<network>.getDefaultMaxQueryPayment()</code></td><td>Hbar</td><td>Get the default max query payment</td></tr><tr><td><code>Client.<network>.setNetwork(<nodes>)</code></td><td>Map<String, AccountId></td><td>Replace all nodes in this Client with a new set of nodes (e.g. for an Address Book update)<br><br></td></tr><tr><td><code>Client.<network>.getNetwork()</code></td><td>Map<String, AccountId></td><td>Get the network nodes</td></tr><tr><td><code>Client.<network>.setRequestTimeout(<requestTimeout>)</code></td><td>Duration</td><td>The period of time a transaction or query request will retry from a "busy" network response</td></tr><tr><td><code>Client.<network>.getRequestTimeout()</code></td><td>Duration</td><td>Get the period of time a transaction or query request will retry from a "busy" network response</td></tr><tr><td><code>Client.<network>.setMinBackoff(<minBackoff>)</code></td><td>Duration</td><td>The minimum amount of time to wait between retries. When retrying, the delay will start at this time and increase exponentially until it reaches the maxBackoff</td></tr><tr><td><code>Client.<network>.getMinBackoff()</code></td><td>Duration</td><td>Get the minimum amount of time to wait between retries</td></tr><tr><td><code>Client.<network>.setMaxBackoff(<maxBackoff>)</code></td><td>Duration</td><td>The maximum amount of time to wait between retries. Every retry attempt will increase the wait time exponentially until it reaches this time.</td></tr><tr><td><code>Client.<network>.getMaxBackoff()</code></td><td>Duration</td><td>Get the maximum amount of time to wait between retries</td></tr><tr><td><code>Client.<network>.setAutoValidateChecksums(<value>)</code></td><td>boolean</td><td>Validate checksums</td></tr><tr><td><code>Client.<network>.setCloseTimeout(<closeTimeout>)</code></td><td>Duration</td><td>Timeout for closing either a single node when setting a new network, or closing the entire network</td></tr><tr><td><code>Client.<network>.setMaxNodeAttempts(<nodeAttempts>)</code></td><td>int</td><td>Set the max number of times a node can return a bad gRPC status before we remove it from the list</td></tr><tr><td><code>Client.<network>.getMaxNodeAttempts()</code></td><td>int</td><td>Get the max node attempts set</td></tr><tr><td><code>Client.<network>.setMinNodeReadmitTime(<readmitTime>)</code></td><td>Duration</td><td>The min time to wait before attempting to readmit nodes</td></tr><tr><td><code>Client.<network>.getMinNodeReadmitTime()</code></td><td>Duration</td><td>Get the minimum node readmit time</td></tr><tr><td><code>Client.<network>.setMaxNodeReadmitTime(<readmitTime>)</code></td><td>Duration</td><td>The max time to wait before attempting to readmit nodes</td></tr><tr><td><code>Client.<network>.getMaxNodeReadmitTime()</code></td><td>Duration</td><td>Get the max node readmit time</td></tr></tbody></table>
